c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\pranwa.dll.config
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\pranwa.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\pranwa.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\businesslogic.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\cms.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\controls.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\CookComputing.XmlRpcV2.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Examine.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ImageProcessor.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ImageProcessor.Web.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\interfaces.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\MarkdownSharp.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationBlocks.Data.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\MiniProfiler.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Semver.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\TidyNet.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.Core.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.editorControls.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.providers.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\UmbracoExamine.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\UrlRewritingNet.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\businesslogic.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\cms.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\controls.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Examine.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\interfaces.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.pdb
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\obj\Debug\pranwa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\obj\Debug\pranwa.dll
c:\users\tugg.tugg-desktop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pranwa\pranwa\obj\Debug\pranwa.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\obj\Debug\pranwa.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\git\pw\pranwa\obj\Debug\pranwa.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\obj\Debug\pranwa.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\pranwa.dll.config
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\pranwa.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\pranwa.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\AutoMapper.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\businesslogic.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\ClientDependency.Core.Mvc.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\cms.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\controls.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Examine.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\interfaces.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\MiniProfiler.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\MiniProfiler.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\SQLCE4Umbraco.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\umbraco.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.Core.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\umbraco.DataLayer.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\umbraco.editorControls.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\umbraco.MacroEngines.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.ModelsBuilder.pdb
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\umbraco.providers.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\Umbraco.Web.UI.xml
D:\git\pw\pranwa\bin\UmbracoExamine.xml
